feature switch for thread_local variables and multi-threading (#159)
snitch-org/snitch: CMakeLists.txt

# Feature toggles.
set(SNITCH_DEFINE_MAIN                     ON  CACHE BOOL "Define main() in snitch -- disable to provide your own main() function.")
set(SNITCH_WITH_EXCEPTIONS                 ON  CACHE BOOL "Use exceptions in snitch implementation -- will be forced OFF if exceptions are not available.")

> set(SNITCH_WITH_MULTITHREADING             ON  CACHE BOOL "Multi-threading support and thread local variables -- disable if needed.")

Reviewer: I would recommend rewording the help text for clarity. Similar change for the meson scripts. 
```suggestion
set(SNITCH_WITH_MULTITHREADING             ON  CACHE BOOL "Make the testing framework thread-safe -- disable if multithreading is not needed.")
```

> set(SNITCH_WITH_MULTITHREADING             ON  CACHE BOOL "Multi-threading support and thread local variables -- disable if needed.")

Reviewer 2: I would recommend rewording the help text for clarity. Similar change for the meson scripts. 
```suggestion
set(SNITCH_WITH_MULTITHREADING             ON  CACHE BOOL "Make the testing framework thread-safe -- disable if multithreading is not needed.")
```
